README.md, before:

<a target="_blank" href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/figjlmomjacpejcemmmfkhnpmndikhcn">![Try it now in CWS](https://raw.github.com/GoogleChrome/chrome-app-samples/master/tryitnowbutton.png "Click here to install this sample from the Chrome Web Store")</a>


# Polymer Chrome App

This is starter application based on Polymer Library published by Google. 

In order to build the project to work with Chrome Apps, use `vulcanize` tool (`sudo npm install -g vulcanize`). To build run the following command, after every edit:

`vulcanize --csp -o build.html index.html`

or use the build script

`./build.sh`

I have heard that `vulcanize` will be available in Chrome Dev Editor by default later on.

To install the project in your Chrome installation - Goto [Extensions](chrome://extensions/) > Load Unpacked extension and point to clone of this git or Just drag and drop the folder to the extension view.

## Resources

* [Chrome App](http://developer.chrome.com/apps)
* [Polymer Project](http://www.polymer-project.org/)
     
## Screenshot
![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vikasprogrammer/polymerchromeapp/master/assets/screenshot_1280_800.png)

Commit message:

Add grunt and update readme

README.md, after:

# Polymer Chrome App

## Getting Started

To install the project in your Chrome installation - Goto [Extensions](chrome://extensions/) > Load unpacked extension... and point to a clone of this repo or just drag and drop the folder to the extensions view.

## Build

To build the app run the following commands:

    npm install -g grunt-cli
    npm install
    grunt

### Dealing with CSP

Chrome Apps have a strict Content Security Policy (CSP) which prevents inline `script` elements. Using the [Vulcanize tool](www.polymer-project.org/articles/concatenating-web-components.html) with the `--csp` flag, we can strip all of the script elements out of our Polymer elements, and place them in an external `build.js` file.

    vulcanize -o build.html index.html --csp

To make this process easier, we've included the [grunt-vulcanize](https://github.com/Polymer/grunt-vulcanize) task in our Gruntfile. This task will watch for any file changes and re-run the Vulcanize tool for us, making it much faster to develop and test your app.

## Resources

* [Chrome App](http://developer.chrome.com/apps)
* [Polymer Project](http://www.polymer-project.org/)

## Screenshot
![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vikasprogrammer/polymerchromeapp/master/assets/screenshot_1280_800.png)
